=== 1.1.2 / unreleased

* Features

  * Adding support for CocoaPods >= 0.34. (#118)
  * For dependencies with multiple licenses, the name of each license is
    listed, and if any are whitelisted, the dependency is whitelisted

=== 1.1.1 / 2014-07-29

* Bugfixes

  * Process incorrectly-defined dependencies.
    [Original issue.](https://github.com/pivotal/LicenseFinder/issues/108)
  * Allow license_finder to process incorrectly-defined dependencies.

=== 1.0.1 / 2014-05-28

* Features

  * For dependencies with multiple licenses, the dependency is listed as
    'multiple licenses' along with the names of each license
  * Added 'ignore_dependencies' config option to allow specific
    dependencies to be excluded from reports.

* Bugfixes

  * Dependency reports generate when license_finder.yml updates
  * Dependency reports generate when config is changed through the command line

=== 1.0.0.1 / 2014-05-23

* Bugfixes

  * LicenseFinder detects its own license

=== 1.0.0 / 2014-04-03

* Features

  * When approving a license, can specify who is approving, and why.
  * Remove `rake license_finder` task from Rails projects.  Just include
    'license_finder' as a development dependency, and run `license_finder` in
    the shell.

=== 0.9.5.1 / 2014-01-30

* Features

  * Adds homepage for Bower, NPM, and PIP packages

=== 0.9.5 / 2014-01-30

* Features

  * Add more aliases for known licenses
  * Drop support for ruby 1.9.2
  * Large refactoring to simply things, and make it easier to add new package managers

* Bugfixes

  * Make node dependency json parsing more robust
  * Clean up directories created during test runs

=== 0.9.4 / 2014-01-05

* Features

  * Add detailed csv report
  * Add markdown report
  * Add support for "licenses" => ["license"] (npn)
  * Add basic bower support
  * Allow adding/removing multiple licenses from whitelist

* Bugfixes

  * Use all dependencies by default for npm as bundler does

=== 0.9.3 / 2013-10-01

* Features

  * New Apache 2.0 license alias

* Bugfixes

  * Fix problem which prevented license finder from running in rails < 3.2

=== 0.9.2 / 2013-08-17

* Features

  * Support for python and node.js projects

* Bugfixes

  * Fix HTML output in firefox

=== 0.9.1 / 2013-07-30

* Features

  * Projects now have a title which can be configured from CLI
  * JRuby officially supported. Test suite works against jruby, removed 
    warnings
  * Internal clean-up of database behavior
  * Updated documentation with breakdown of HTML report

* Bugfixes

  * dependencies.db is no longer modified after license_finder runs and finds
    no changes
  * Fix more CLI grammar/syntax errors
  * HTML report now works when served over https (PR #36 - bwalding)
  * dependencies.txt is now dependencies.csv (It was always a csv in spirit)

=== 0.9.0 / 2013-07-16

* Features

  * Clarify CLI options and commands in help output
  * Can manage whitelisted licenses from command line
  * Improved New BSD license detection

* Bugfixes

  * Fix CLI grammar errors
  * Using license_finder in a non-RVM environment now works (Issue #35)

=== 0.8.2 / 2013-07-09

* Features

  * Switch to thor for CLI, to support future additions to CLI
  * Restore ability to manage (add/remove) dependencies that Bundler can't find
  * Can maintain ignored bundler groups from command line

* Bugfixes

  * Fix bug preventing manual approval of child dependencies (Issue #23)
  * Fix issue with database URI when the absolute path to the database file
    contains spaces.
  * Upgrading from 0.7.2 no longer removes non-gem dependencies (Issue #20)

=== 0.8.1 / 2013-04-14

* Features

  * JRuby version of the gem.
  * Official ruby 2.0 support.
  * CLI interface for moving dependencies.* files to `doc/`.

* Bugfixes

  * Fix ruby 1.9.2 support.

=== 0.8.0 / 2013-04-03

* Features

  * Add spinner to show that the binary is actually doing something.
  * Add action items to dependencies.html.
  * Add generation timestamp to dependencies.html.
  * Default location for dependencies.* files is now `doc/`.
  * Temporarily remove non-bundler (e.g. JavaScript) dependencies. This will
    be readded in a more sustainable way soon.
  * Use sqlite, not YAML, for dependencies.
  * Officially deprecate rake tasks.

* Bugfixes

  * Don't blow away manually set licenses when dependencies are rescanned.
  * Ignore empty `readme_files` section in dependencies.yml.
  * Clean up HTML generation for dependencies.html.
  * Add an option to silence the binary's spinner so as not to fill up log
    files.

=== 0.7.2 / 2013-02-18

* Features

  * Dependency cleanup.

=== 0.7.1 / 2013-02-18

* Features

  * Add variants to detectable licenses.
  * Remove README files from data persistence.

=== 0.7.0 / 2012-09-25

* Features

  * Dependencies can be approved via CLI.
  * Dependencies licenses can be set via CLI.

=== 0.6.0 / 2012-09-15

* Features

  * Create a dependencies.html containing a nicely formatted version of
    dependencies.txt, with lots of extra information.
  * All rake tasks, and the binary, run the init task automatically.
  * Simplify dependencies.txt file since more detail can now go into
    dependencies.html.
  * Promote binary to be the default, take first steps to deprecate rake task.

* Bugfixes

  * Fix formatting of `rake license:action_items` output.

=== 0.5.0 / 2012-09-12

* Features

  * `rake license:action_items` exits with a non-zero status if there are
    non-approved dependencies.
  * New binary, eventual replacement for rake tasks.
  * Initial implementation of non-gem dependencies.
  * Support BSD, New BSD, and Simplified BSD licenses.
  * Improve ruby license detection.
  * Add dependency's bundler group to dependencies.txt output.
  * Add description and summary to dependencies.txt output.

* Bugfixes

  * Create `config/` director if it doesn't exist, don't blow up.
  * Better support for non-US word spellings.

=== 0.4.5 / 2012-09-09

* Features

  * Allow dependencies.* files to be written to a custom directory.
  * Detect LGPL licenses
  * Detect ISC licenses

* Bugfixes

  * Fix blow up if there's not `ignore_groups` setting in the config file.
